0001.png	Here are the order details for my taxi ride. Should I actually pay $29.42?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0001.png	Here are the order details for my taxi ride. Should I actually pay $32.42?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0002.png	Should I stop when I'm about to cross the street and see the sign in the picture?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0002.png	When I see the sign in the picture, can I cross the street?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0003.png	May I ask if in the game of finger-guessing game, did the right side of the picture win?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0003.png	May I ask if in the game of finger-guessing game, did the left side of the picture win?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0004.png	Does the fruit in the picture look stale?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0004.png	Does the fruit in the picture look very fresh?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0005.png	The office's normal closing time is 5 p.m. Now is afternoon. Should I continue to work at the time shown in the picture?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0005.png	The office's normal closing time is 5 p.m. Now is afternoon. Could I leave work at the time shown in the picture?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0006.png	I recently want to go on vacation to relax and go to a place full of fresh air. Is the venue in the picture appropriate?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0006.png	I want to go where there are a lot of people. Is the venue in the picture appropriate?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0007.png	I want to clean the house and I want to choose a tool. Is the tool in the picture an appropriate choice?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0007.png	I want to transport something and I want to choose a tool to help me. Is the tool in the picture an appropriate choice?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0008.png	Can I smoke where the picture is?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0008.png	Is smoking prohibited in the location of the picture?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0009.png	Will green be obtained by mixing the above two colors?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0009.png	Will red be obtained by mixing the above two colors?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0010.png	I am going to exercise and I want to choose a venue. Is the venue in the picture a good choice?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0010.png	I am going to study and I want to choose a venue. Is the venue in the picture a good choice?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0011.png	If I am allergic to durian, can I finish the fruit in the picture?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0011.png	If I am allergic to banana, can I finish the fruit in the picture?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0012.png	I am going to study and I want to choose a venue. Is the venue in the picture a good choice?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0012.png	I am going to exercise and I want to choose a venue. Is the venue in the picture a good choice?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0013.png	I am going to a formal dinner party. Is the shoe in the picture an appropriate choice?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0013.png	I am going to play basketball. Is the shoe in the picture an appropriate choice?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0014.png	In this line chart, the vertical axis is height and the horizontal axis is age. Does Maria's height exceed Jane's height in the end?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0014.png	In this line chart, the vertical axis is height and the horizontal axis is age. Does Jane's height exceed Kangkang's height in the end?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0015.png	Is the ball usually played with hands?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0015.png	Is the ball usually played with feet?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0016.png	Is the place in the picture a good place to enjoy the cool in a sunny day?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0016.png	Is the place in the picture a good shelter from the rain when it thunders outside?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0017.png	Are the vehicles in the pictures usually environmentally friendly?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0017.png	Does the vehicle in the picture usually run faster than the car?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0018.png	This is a picture of some kind of animal. Does it eat leaves?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0018.png	This is a picture of some kind of animal. Does it eat meat?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0019.png	Is the water flow in the picture from the top to the bottom?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0019.png	Is the water flow in the picture from the bottom to the top?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0020.png	Can the item in the picture be used to measure length?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0020.png	Can the item in the picture be used to measure angles?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0021.png	This is a toilet guide sign. I am a man. Should I go to the toilet on the left?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0021.png	This is a toilet guide sign. I am a man. Should I go to the toilet on the right?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0022.png	Does the animal in the picture usually catch mice?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0022.png	Is the animal in the picture usually used in search and rescue?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0023.png	If you want to keep your fruit fresh in summer, should you put it in the appliance in the picture?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0023.png	Is the appliance in the picture more suitable for winter than summer?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0024.png	I want to go skating. Is the shoe in the picture usually appropriate?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0024.png	I want to go roller skating. Is the shoe in the picture usually appropriate?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0025.png	I feel very thirsty in the desert now. Can the thing in the picture help me?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0025.png	I don't like clear cups. Is the cup in the picture my type?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0026.png	I want to go for a run and I want to choose a pair of shoes. Is the shoe in the picture an appropriate choice?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0026.png	I want to practice ballet and I want to choose a pair of shoes. Is the shoe in the picture an appropriate choice?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0027.png	Are the pants in the picture usually suitable for casual wear?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0027.png	Are the pants in the picture usually suitable for playing basketball?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0028.png	This is a picture from a real scene. Is there only one real cat in this picture?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0028.png	This is a picture from a real scene. Is there only two real cats in this picture?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0029.png	The three cats in the picture, the one without a beard, is the middle one?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0029.png	The three cats in the picture, the one without a beard, is the right one?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0030.png	I'm going to 501. Do I need to turn left at the intersection?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0030.png	I'm going to 502. Do I need to turn left at the intersection?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0031.png	Is the drink in the picture usually suitable for a party?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0031.png	Is the drink in the picture usually suitable for drinking together with cephalosporin?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0032.png	Here is a picture of the cake I cut. Did I cut it at least twice?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0032.png	Here is a picture of the cake I cut. Did I cut it at least once?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0033.png	This is a picture from a real scene. Is there only one real apple in this picture?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0033.png	This is a picture from a real scene. Is there only two real apples in this picture?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0034.png	Here is a pie chart counting the favorite fruits of all employees in our company. Is the durian the most popular fruit?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0034.png	Here is a pie chart counting the favorite fruits of all employees in our company. Is the mango the most popular fruit?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0035.png	This is the sales chart of this month. Is Tina the runner-up in sales this month?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0035.png	This is the sales chart of this month. Is John the runner-up in sales this month?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0036.png	Is it a good time to walk through the road in the picture?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0036.png	Is it a good time to drive a car through the road in the picture?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0037.png	Here is a photo of the sun's position at a certain time. Could it be dusk now?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0037.png	Here is a photo of the sun's position at a certain time. Could it be noon now?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0038.png	All apples are shown in the picture. If I eat an apple every day, can I eat it for four days?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0038.png	All apples are shown in the picture. If I eat an apple every day, can I eat it for three days?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0039.png	This line chart is used to count the sales of two types of burgers. Are chicken burgers more popular?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0039.png	This line chart is used to count the sales of two types of burgers. Are beef burgers more popular?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0040.png	I want to supplement protein. Is it appropriate to eat the food in the picture?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0040.png	I don't like to eat any food related to chicken. Is the food in the picture my type?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0041.png	Is the fruit in the picture usually sweet?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0041.png	Is the fruit in the picture usually spicy?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0042.png	Are there usually cars in the area shown in the picture?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0042.png	Is it appropriate to cross the road directly from the place shown in the picture?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0043.png	Is the animal in the picture usually not seen in winter?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0043.png	Is the animal in the picture usually seen in winter?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0044.png	This is a flowchart of a program. I enter 3 and 6. Is the output 'No'?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0044.png	This is a flowchart of a program. I enter 3 and 6. Is the output 'Yes'?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0045.png	There is a sign at the intersection, can I turn left?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0045.png	There is a sign at the intersection, can I turn right?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0046.png	Vitamin C is very helpful for human health. Does the food on in the picture usually contain Vitamin C?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0046.png	Is the food in the picture commonly used to build muscle?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0047.png	All apples are shown in the picture. My brother and I divide the apples equally. May I have one apple?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0047.png	All apples are shown in the picture. My brother and I divide the apples equally. May I have two apples?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0048.png	Here is a picture of eating fruit. Am I eating a strawberry?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0048.png	Here is a picture of eating fruit. Am I eating a cherry tomato?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0049.png	Does the vehicle in the picture usually have its Windows closed during fast driving?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0049.png	Does the vehicle in the picture usually have its Windows opened during fast driving?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0050.png	Do people commonly use the item in the picture for makeup in their daily lives?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0050.png	Do people commonly use the item in the picture to write in their daily lives?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0051.png	This is a flowchart of a program. When the input is 5, is the output 6?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0051.png	This is a flowchart of a program. When the input is 6, is the output 5?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0052.png	I want to lose weight. Is the food in the picture an appropriate choice?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0052.png	I want to gain weight. Is the food in the picture an appropriate choice?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0053.png	Is the car in the picture going to make a right turn after going through a straight road section?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0053.png	Is the car in the picture going to make a left turn after going through a straight road section?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0054.png	May I ask if the plants in the picture can survive in the water?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0054.png	May I ask if the plants in the picture can survive in the soil?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0055.png	The man in the picture is eating. Does he eat noodles?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0055.png	The man in the picture is eating. Does he eat rice?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0056.png	Can the item in the picture output water?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0056.png	Can the item in picture be used for blowing air?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0057.png	Does the vehicle in the picture usually run faster than a horse?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0057.png	Does the vehicle in the picture usually fly?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0058.png	Can't I smoke here?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0058.png	May I smoke here?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0059.png	This pie chart is the age distribution of our company. Is the proportion of people aged 30-50 more than 40%?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0059.png	This pie chart is the age distribution of our company. Is the proportion of people aged 40-50 more than 30%?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0060.png	This is the histogram of fruit sales today. Do more men buy watermelons than women buy bananas?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0060.png	This is the histogram of fruit sales today. Do more men buy peach than women buy apple?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0061.png	Is the tool in the picture common in tall buildings?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0061.png	In case of fire, is it appropriate to choose the tool in the picture to go downstairs?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0062.png	It's snowing outside the window now. I want to go out. Is it appropriate to wear the cloth in the picture?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0062.png	It's very hot outside. I want to go out. Is it appropriate to wear the cloth in the picture?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0063.png	Is the animal in the picture suitable as a pet?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0063.png	Is the animal in the pictures usually stronger than adult tigers?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0064.png	I want to play basketball. Is the venue in the picture a good choice?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0064.png	I want to play football. Is the venue in the picture a good choice?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0065.png	Is it appropriate to wear a down jacket during the season in the picture?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0065.png	Is it appropriate to only wear short sleeves during the season in the picture?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0066.png	I want to carry one thing with me on a rainy day. Is the thing in the image an appropriate choice?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0066.png	It is raining outside. I am in a house and I don't need to go out. Is this thing in the picture necessary for me to use?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0067.png	I feel very hot. Is the tool in the picture suitable for use?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0067.png	I feel very cold. Is the tool in the picture suitable for use?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0068.png	Is it unhealthy to eat the food in the picture too often?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0068.png	Is the food in the picture usually low in calories?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0069.png	Is the phone in the photo connected to a charger?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0069.png	Is the phone in the photo charging?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
0070.png	I want to turn the screw. Is the tool in the picture usually appropriate?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	Yes
0070.png	Is the tool in the picture usually suitable for smashing walnuts?\nAnswer the question using a single word or phrase.	No
